Alright.
Now can you tell me who sent you?
Zombie group
Hold on.
Turns out to be a Jiang person.
General Director
This is my business.
So according to the rules.
I told Ton Nam to give you a finger.
Compensation for you
Rescue
You saved the feather, I can't be ungrateful.
Let him handle this.
Even though the past was good
This September appeared in person.
Probably not just for two people.
You are really famous.
I am not seeing things.
I want you to help me save someone.
The deposit is a villa and a car.
The remainder will be paid to you after the job is completed.
If not saved
So, this car and a mansion.
Consider it a bonus.
But with your art
I believe it will not disappoint me.
What a good farmer, this is not to be saved.
Okay.
Who are you? If you don't want to die then shut up.
I came to tell you.
Trieu Duc Tru is dead.
Now Truong Huc Dong
Be a warrior of our red sun alliance.
If you dare to tease him again
The ninth family destroyed him and brought his family.